README.md, before:

# Word Counter

##### C# exercise By Victoria O., Epicodus - September 7, 2018

## *Description*
_Word Counter_ is a program that checks how frequently a word appears in a given string. The user should input both the word and a list of words to check. The program will check for full word matches only.

**Please Note:** There is no user interface. This currently only includes logic and testing.

This is an exercise to apply and test our understanding of C# unit week 1 lessons. Primary Objectives:
* Did you submit your English specs as a separate text file (or README)? Was it committed before you began your code?
* Do your specs include specific input and output as well as a descriptive sentence?
* Do your specs start with the simplest case and progress to more complex cases? Do they cover enough different input values?
* Have all specs been written up correctly as test methods?
* Are all tests passing? Does your method correctly return the number of repeats?


## *Specifications*
1. The program should validate the user's search input.
    * input: "apple"
    * output: "apple"

2. The program should validate the user's find input as true.
  * input: "apple"
  * output: "apple"

3. The program is able validate and count the number of times it is found in a list.
  * input: "apple, apple"
  * output: 2


## *Known Bugs & Issues*
* No user interface. This currently only includes logic and testing.

## *Setup/Installation Requirements*

1. Clone this repository by using Terminal command:
```
    $ git clone https://github.com/VicOhPNW/word-counter.git
```

## *Support and contact details*
Contact: Victoria, ohvictori@gmail.com

## *Technologies Used*
* C#, ASP.NET Core 1.1

#### *Copyright* (c) 2018 Victoria Oh, Epicodus

Commit message:

Redo README to be even more plain English. Include reasons for input & output choices.

README.md, after:

# Word Counter

##### C# exercise By Victoria O., Epicodus - September 7, 2018

## *Description*
_Word Counter_ is a program that checks how frequently a word appears in a given string. The user should input both the word and a list of words to check. The program will check for full word matches only.

**Please Note:** There is no user interface. This currently only includes logic and testing.

This is an exercise to apply and test our understanding of C# unit week 1 lessons. Primary Objectives:
* Did you submit your English specs as a separate text file (or README)? Was it committed before you began your code?
* Do your specs include specific input and output as well as a descriptive sentence?
* Do your specs start with the simplest case and progress to more complex cases? Do they cover enough different input values?
* Have all specs been written up correctly as test methods?
* Are all tests passing? Does your method correctly return the number of repeats?


## *Specifications*
1. The program should validate the user entered a word or sentence (what will be _searched_) as an input.
    * input: "apple"
    * output: "apple"
```
A single word was chosen for input/output because it's enough to pass test and confirm validity.
```
2. The program should validate the user entered a word (what will be _**searched for**_) as an input.
  * input: "apple"
  * output: "apple"
```
A single word was chosen for input/output because it's enough to pass test.
```
3. The program is able validate and count the number of times it is found in a list.
  * input: "apple, apple"
  * output: 2
  ```
  Two of the same word was used as input as it's the simplest number to count to for ensuring loop is working/counting as intended.
  ```

## *Known Bugs & Issues*
* No user interface. This currently only includes logic and testing.


## *Setup/Installation Requirements*

1. Clone this repository by using Terminal command:
```
    $ git clone https://github.com/VicOhPNW/word-counter.git
```

## *Support and contact details*
Contact: Victoria, ohvictori@gmail.com

## *Technologies Used*
* C#, ASP.NET Core 1.1

#### *Copyright* (c) 2018 Victoria Oh, Epicodus
